make new release (#169)
deepqmc/deepqmc: README.md

For further information about the DeepQMC package and tutorials covering the basic usage visit the [documentation](https://deepqmc.github.io).

> An introduction to the methodology and examplary experiments can be found in the asociated [sofware paper](https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0157512).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An introduction to the methodology and exemplary experiments can be found in the associated [software paper](https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0157512).
```

### Citation

> If you use DeepQMC for your work, please consider citing our implementation paper:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use DeepQMC for your work, please cite our implementation paper:
```
